# Quarantine Crawl

A (supposedly) low-prep run through [[dnd]] Tales From The Yawning Portal.

## Part 1: Forge of Fury

## Part 2: The Hidden Shrine of Tamoachan

[Here are][shrine-gm-notes] some notes on the various rooms of the dungeon.
There's also these expanded rules for [playing Pelota][pelota].

## Part 3: White Plume Mountain

Tweaks: I've added a complication. Various other groups of mercenaries, heroes, etc. are competing to fetch the magical weapons and return them for rewards.
NOTE: Come up with magical items for Frank & Ugen

Groups:

- Identical triplet barbarians that do tons of damage but got no brains. Stumped on the first puzzle they find.

- Lords of Blacktower
  A group of cultist-mercenaries that use necromancy to loot dungeons for relics to gain power.
  They use zombies, disguised in their signature black & purple robes, to test traps.
  When others are around, they hide their necromancy and act like regular mercenaries.
  They are secretive but not openly hostile.

  Members:

  - Varbain Sharn. Distracted, bird-like elf priestess. Won't make eye contact. Too busy controlling
    all the zombies to focus. Slightly germanish, confused accent.
  - Gurtwald. Bulldog-esque bureaucratic veteran. Tries very hard to reason rather than fight. Only
    appeals to logic/decorum. Voice: Like Vincent D'Onofrio in MIB.
  - Zombies. Appear as very quiet, obedient footsoldiers. A bit stinky. Hoods low covering faces.
    If Varbain is too distracted, they might become unruly.

- Greygoat's Gang
  Brutal, nasty warband of beastfolk, mutants and outcasts. Violently wreck their way through
  dungeons, playing as dirty as possible. Often backstab eachother and fight for dominance. Will
  probably attack on sight, but the group is disjointed and may split off.

  Members:

  - Greygoat the Defiler. Stubborn and ruthless. Punishes from afar with _Blightbow_.
  - Vilal Morntergan. Lady thief famous for quad-wielding poison daggers (yes she has 4 arms).
  - An entourage of goblins and gnolls.

Party travels by horse to White Plume Mountain. They leave their horses and belongings with a stablehand at the nearest village (5 miles away).

APPROACH:
Perfectly conical. One entrance "Wizard's mouth". Every 30 seconds, breaths in/out. Whistles loudly. 8ft diameter, 40 feet deep. Crack at end snuffs torches. Hot steam/cold air. Inches of muck on floors. Trapdoor at back end.
GENERAL: 10 feet corridors carved out of stone. 8x8 oak&iron doors. Swollen (DC 15 STR to open) not rotten. 1 foot of water w/ slippery mud.

---

RIP 9/19/20
The party was TPK'd during the final boss fight against Keraptis. I tweaked White Plume Mountain by adding a two-stage boss fight against Keraptis himself. It wasn't super overpowered, and the party was really only 1-2 rounds from killing him. But Beau went down, and then Ugen crit-failed the FIRST death save and died. After that, it was all over.
---

[shrine-gm-notes]: https://chaoticneutraldm.com/2019/04/25/hidden-shrine-of-tamoachan/
[pelota]: https://chaoticneutraldm.com/2020/01/31/playing-pelota-in-the-hidden-shrine-of-tamoachan/

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[dnd]: dnd "DnD"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
