# Scarlet Brotherhood

Claims the bloodline of its followers traces back to the ancient empire of Suel. Their goal is to restore the Suloise noble houses to prominence. The look down on others and believe only they are fit to rule.

Have been scheming for decades to spread fear and chaos to destabilize the realm. When the time is right, they will strike and seize power. They have assassins installed all over to enact the plan.

The brotherhood supports [[anders-solomor]] and his family. Want to use him to destabilize the region. Arrange for good deals for his business, making him dependent on the Brotherhood.

They intend to ignite open war between [[kingdom-of-keoland]] and the [[hold-of-the-seaprinces]].

The Scarlet Brotherhood are opportunistic. Seeks to cause the maximum disruption with the least risk. Wants to tilt the council and install Anders as the most prominent member. First goal: find evidence of Gellan's involvement w/ the Sea Princes and the slave trade. Plans to use info to ignite civil war, assassinate leaders, and install Anders as a peacemaker. Then assassinate Anders, blame the Sea Princes, and install Skerrin as replacement. Then Skerrin agitates for war to help Brotherhood infiltrate deeper into Keoland.

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[anders-solomor]: anders-solomor "Anders Solomor"
[kingdom-of-keoland]: kingdom-of-keoland "Kingdom of Keoland"
[hold-of-the-seaprinces]: hold-of-the-seaprinces "Hold of the Seaprinces"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"