# 2020-07-24 Quarantine Crawl Notes

Session notes for [[quarantine-crawl]]

## Prep

### 40 - Dragon's Breath

Glyph on stairs. Dragon pops out and breaths steam. Makes stairs slippery.

### 41 - Free Gold

Pile of gold. Actually major image'd Yellow Mold (see DMG).
Secret door at bottom, stain nearby. Push on it to swing it.
Secret door in middle. Smooth. Step on stone to open.

### 42 - Chapel of Kukulkan

Mirror w/ fake feathered serpent. Paralyzes person.
Inside, trapped mask. trapped treasure. Coatl speaks, releases REAL poison.

### 43 - Smoking Mirrors

Buncha mirrors. one is slime?

### 44 - Sun of Motion

Let me off this thing

### 45 - Mictlan

## BONZO BOYS

TODO: Where, how, what?

## How does identify/attune work?

You can spend a short rest

## Summary

## Ups and Downs

Ian
-Less exciting no more poison
-kinda random consequences
+good RP moments

Avelina
+dungeon is pretty interesting. nonlinear.
-not as interesting because monsters are so easy
-miss the difficulty of the other parts

Derek
-super easy. open all doors and kill something
+like the weird stuff like the mirrors. octopus room and dance gem

Morgan
+liked the mirror room and diorama room
-didnt know how to possibly help like w/ water room

Mac
+how non-linear the rooms are and not all combat
+random celestial deity that didnt' want to kill
-too much damage, trivializes

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[quarantine-crawl]: ../quarantine-crawl "Quarantine Crawl"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
