# 2020-09-11 Quarantine Crawl Notes

Session notes for [[quarantine-crawl]]

## Notes

- **MAKE IT FUN**

## Summary

## Ups and Downs

Mac
+unconscious 4 times in a single session, lots of fun
+friendly adventurers naïve
-more, harder riddles

Phil:
+fighting the lords of blacktower, could talk/negotiate
+aquarium/terrarium level. feared for life

Morgan:
+environment was fun (copper plates were interesting). aquarium/terrarium was cool.
+got to use control water
+synergy rounds was a lot of fun

Avelina:
+action packed. lot of different things.
+funny when beau and bill go ahead and get in danger
+combat was huge, really had to use everything even though just shortrested
+/- how strong beau is. no chance without him.

Derek:
+heating tunnel with ghouls. cool design.
+/- last combat took so long

BLACKRAZOR:
- Make it a bow
- No special case for undead
- Make it REAL soul-hungry

Keraptis Drops:
- A robe that grants 3 spell slots. Spell slots recharge at dawn as long as the wearer has learned something new the previous day. (Attunement)
- Twin rings. Allow the wearer to use the Twinning metamagic ability once per day.
- "Lucent" quality Jewel of Speed (Jet) 3 charges.

On returning to the room with the sphinx, there is an ancient-looking man, hunched nearly 90 degrees, talking to the beast. He wears an immaculate red robe and a pointy felt hat to match. He says as you approach "Well hello there travelers. My friend here was just telling me about you and your successes here."
The beast turns its heads to you, and you can see that it has three matching looks of terror, with its mouths magically sealed.
"From what I understand, you've gathered the three legendary weapons already. I'm always happy to entertain guests, but I've grown tired and must ask you to kindly hand them over now"

...

Keraptis's visage wavers and reveals his lich-y appearance. He speaks a single power word and the dungeon begins to crumble. Great bursts of hot steam erupt from cracks in the rock, obscuring your view as the floor falls out beneath you. You freefall hundreds of feet through billowy clouds of nearly-scalding steam before your descent magically slows. You alight on a stone platform suspended in mid-air.

There are a number of small islands. The each have an arcane gate hanging off the edge. Some appear to be inactive. The active one swirls with a green magical fluid.

The larger central island has a large green gate on one end. In the middle is a smaller red gate. On the other end are stairs leading up to a stone platform. In the center of the platform is what appears to be a training dummy, with a floating green crystal in place of its head. The dummy looks to be heavily used, bearing puncture holes, slashes, and blackened scorch marks.

> Hitting the dummy with melee will move the leftmost portal to the left island. Ranged attacks will move it to the center. Magic will move it to the right island.
> Main Island: Bill, Koh
> Left Island: Barb, Ugen
> Right Island: Beau, Frank

After killed, slam down. Abomination. AFTER THAT:
Drops loot. earth shaking. A portal appears and sphinx jumps out (much bigger) like Lion from SU. Can take you out. Then it wants to go travel the planes.


# Ups and Downs

Derek
+liked the custom boss battle. Didn't seem unfair
-would've given more health, remove legendary resistance, lower hits.
-knights were lame
-going through water, better way to do things other than doing combat turns (not interesting)
+multi-stage fight was super cool.

Avelina
+interesting session, esp. canoe thing.
+boss fight. like the drop to diff levels.
+like the difficulty, had to take it seriously.
-kinda sad.

Phil
+variety of boss attacks
-everyone died.

Morgan
+first thing with qesnef was fun.

Mac
+the custom fights were the best ones
+excited to play a char that doesn't just hit
-boss fight was melee unfriendly

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[quarantine-crawl]: ../quarantine-crawl "Quarantine Crawl"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
