# 2020-10-03 Salty Seas

Session notes for [[salty-seas]]. Running [[the-sinister-secret-of-saltmarsh]]

## TODO

- Inventory pages
- Player Tokens
- Intro Spiel

## Agenda

- Double-check character creation
- Establish what players already know and where they are in relation to Saltmarsh
- Brief introduction of important figure they may meet

## Intro

The town is in an unusually solemn mood. People looking down, avoiding eye contact, looking somber. The yells of dockworkers are quieter today. People whisper, rather than talk to eachother.

The body of a woman washed up on short east of the docks.
- RUMOR: She went with her brother recently to explore the old abandoned house
- RUMOR: She had rope burns on her wrists and ankles
- RUMOR: It has to do with the presence of the king's forces. It was probably some corrupt soldiers
- RUMOR: The Sea Princes are returning. Clearly the work of pirates.

## Recap

The party awoke at The Wicker Goat. Went out into the town and saw a gathering at the town hall. Overheard about a body of a woman washed up on shore. She was an adventurer that went to the haunted house. The council chose to just ignore it. The party went onward. The fought some wild animals in the courtyard. Explored the first level thoroughly, and went downward. They triggered the alarm, so Sanbalet and the gang are awaiting to ambush in the tunnels. In the cellar, they fought and killed a few bandits. Then they uncovered the alchemist and re-killed it.

## Ups and Downs

Avelina
+like saltmarsh and the story so far. cool and spooky.
+like exploring this house. lots of flavor and interesting
-have to flesh out the roleplay of the character more and learn the spells.
-feel bad that I opened every door.

Morgan
+excited to start the new thing.
+like exploring around the house, the weasels, the bits of parchment.

Derek
+like where the story is headed. more interesting than thought.
-lot of stuff to keep track of

Phil
+weasels, could talk and find out what they wanted.
+the setting. Council meeting. reminded of twin peaks.
-overwhelmed by the people and names
+like the bulk system. feels very consequential.
+new chars are exciting

Mac
+excited to be playing a char w/ more depth. optimistic about backstory
+love the inventory system.
+looking forward to being in a town.

## Takeaways

- How can I make it easier to keep track of npcs, plotlines, etc?
  - Some sort of thing like kanka, like a player-managed wiki
- Need to improve the inventory experience via scripts/macros

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[salty-seas]: ../salty-seas "Salty Seas"
[the-sinister-secret-of-saltmarsh]: ../the-sinister-secret-of-saltmarsh "The Sinister Secret of Saltmarsh"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"