# 2020-08-21 Quarantine Crawl Notes

Session notes for [[quarantine-crawl]]

## Last Session Summary

Party rested at a village nearby. For some reason, everyone in the village lives very short
lives. The oldest person is a 24yo stableboy. The innkeeper is a chubby 16yo who has settled
down and inherited the family inn. No explanation given for this phenomenon, and none of the
villagers think this is weird at all.

They went to the mountain, down the middle path and got the first relic Wave. Tried to convert
but no luck. They saw the Barbarian Triplets head down the right path. They ran after, and
fought them at (4 - Glass Globes). They were spared, and fled the dungeon. The party escaped
from (4). End of session.

## Prep

TODO:

- Stat out Blacktower, Greygoat, Wounded Adventurer, and Naive noobs
- Loot for the above groups
- Add some environment props.

NOTES:

- CRANK UP THAT DIFFICULTY!!!
- More environmental interactivity
- Sprinkle some non-melee loot

https://www.fiddleback.me/blog/2017/5/9/fiddleback-vs-white-plume-mountain

---

RIGHT PATH

### 5 - Numbered Golems

All numbered. Give a REAL 60 second timer. If they pick 9, it joins them. Otherwise, they attack.

### 6 - Turnstile

Only allows going one way past it. DC 24 (Athletics) to break it.

### 7 - Geysers and Chains

Roll initiative. Geysers erupt every 3 rounds (north) and 5 rounds (south).

Can hop one disc per turn (2 if dash). Can spend an action and DC 15 Athletics to hop another.
11-14 = prone.

Disadvantage on attacks when on disc if you move this turn or if more than 1 person on disc.

Greygoat's gang is in the process of crossing. A number of goblins and Greygoat have
progressed a few chains.
Vilal and the rest are waiting at the start. They fight on sight. Greygoat provides ranged attacks.
They may make their way to (8) if allowed.

Progression:

- One of the gang gets to the other side
- Half of the gang gets to other side, other half stays behind
- Half the gang grab Whelm, fight vampire. Some goatmen die.
- Back across with Whelm
- Flee back, head down left path

### 8 - Coffin

Magical darkness. Vampire emerges. Will chase.

Whelm is replaced with a lookalike. DC 16 Investigation/Arcana. It just says "Behold my power. I am the mighty hammer known as WHELM." over and over.

---

LEFT PATH

### 18 - Hall Pit

Woops. DC 15 Dex to not fall in.

### 19 - Metal-Heating Corridor

Damage all metal after 40 feet. Cone of cold could work? See don/doff rules for armor.

The Lords of Blacktower are here. By the time the players arrive, they've just sent one
zombie to explore. Varbain will ice the place up to cross. If they get across before fighting
the players, she will use the ghouls as backup bodies. If not, ghouls ambush.

Gurtwald tries to persuade party to back off. Will even offer a bribe of 1k gold (estimated price of Blackrazor).

Progression:

- One zombie burns up
- Varbain floats metal across, then all cross
- Varbain take control of ghouls, leave them as defenses to block the way
- A zombie goes in slipperly floor and falls in pit.
- Use zombies to fill pit, then slide across themselves and resurrect

### 20 - Ghoul Ambushers

Immune to turn undead.

### 22 - Frictionless Trap

Super tetanus??? WTF

### 23 - Floating Stream

Some blood discolors the floating stream of water

### 24 - Sir Bluto's Guardpost

TPK!!!

---

## Summary

## Ups and Downs

Ian
-too much furry goat stuff
+Wacky stuff going on.

Derek
-Don't like seeing what all the enemy abilities do
-Not fun unseen enemies attacking
+fun playing again after so long

Avelina
+different and interesting terrain
-lackluster to fight the goatpeople. was a pain to get across. interesting but too dangerous to risk anything cool.
-wish there was something else in the dark room
\*weird that the goats were going to the vampire

Phil
+environment and hanging platforms. neat. sense of consequence.
-Once we killed the goats, it was just tedious.
-Dark room turn order was obnoxious.
+Flesh golem was awesome. RIP.

Luke
+like the crazy environment. so many things to do.
-clunky that entire session was initiative based.

Morgan
+like the environment, gave room to be creative (with stakes).
+different obstacles and people to face during the battle
-A lot of build up to the room, let down when revealed

Mac
+excited to find out what whelm actually does
-the map drawn is all off-grid and makes movement awkward.

TODO: Fix Baeu's saving throws (-4)

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[quarantine-crawl]: ../quarantine-crawl "Quarantine Crawl"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
