# 2020-10-24 Salty Seas Notes

Session notes for [[salty-seas]]

We left off with the party sailing the Sea Ghost back to town. The guards hauled off 5 smugglers and 3 lizardfolk.

Will the party sleep on the boat, or back to the Wicker Goat?

Early in the morning, a crew of 4 guards led by [[lt-nobbs]] goes to inspect the Sea Ghost. They would try to seize the silk and brandy. Also maybe the weapons??

In the night, the lizardfolk chomped through manacles and broke out of jail, fleeing east.

## Council Meeting
Eda's assistant meets the party, gives reward, and summons to a private council meeting. Council thanks for smugglers. Can keep the Sea Ghost. Will ask some questions about it. A few months ago, sightings of lizardfolk at a promontory east of town have increased. Council has been wary, and made no contact. But the evidence from the smugglers suggests they are arming themselves. Very unusual for Lizardfolk to wield such weapons, as they usually just use claws.
Anders seems more nervous than normal. He believes they are preparing to attack the town. Eliander is troubled, and Mannistrad. Gellan is not worried, and Eda wants to calm everyone. Council wants you to go and do recon. Assess the size, capability, threat. Try to determine why they are arming up. They are not sending you to fight.

## Lizardfolk Situation
A year ago, they were driven from their home by the sahuagin. They setup in an old stronghold, and are training, buying weapons, and making alliances with the other aquatic races to mount an all-out attack.

## Lizardfolk RP
Lizardfolk have draconic names that are descriptive. They don't understand other names, and will make up their own descriptive names.

Some lizardfolk speak common. They don't understand metaphors. They talk literally.

They are very cautious and suspicious. Recently attacked by some humans. When first encountered, they will demand you to leave or surrender. Otherwise, they will attack (priority: forcing you out).

## Summary

## Ups and Downs

Mac
+Love having a boat. opens a lot of options for us.
-Looking forward, but it ended up being short.

Avelina
+Like how we are building rapport with the town and its always there to come back to. Feels like building on something.
-Party could be more flavorful. Something gluing us together more.

Morgan
+Getting the cool trident.
+Like talking to the townspeople. Fun to have a home base and come back.
+Cool to be about to do a diplomatic mission.

Phil
+Like the boat, fighting on the boat.
+Like the townsfolk as a base.
-Bummed that session is so short. 




[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[salty-seas]: ../salty-seas "Salty Seas"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
