# 2020-08-07 Quarantine Crawl Notes

Session notes for [[quarantine-crawl]]

## Prep

NOTES:

- CRANK UP THAT DIFFICULTY!!!
- More environmental interactivity
- Sprinkle some non-melee loot

https://www.fiddleback.me/blog/2017/5/9/fiddleback-vs-white-plume-mountain

### INTRO

Party travels by horse to White Plume Mountain, about a week (TODO: Double check calendar w/ vampires).
They leave their horses and belongings with a stableboy at the nearest village (5 miles away).

> NOTE: Village. They know about the Wizard's Mouth entrance. Keraptis is just a scary story to them.
> Other hero types have been through recently. In fact, some of them are resting in the village.

### 1 - Spiral Staircase

Subtle vibrations. Water at bottom. Splotchy algea (harmless).

### 2 - Riddling Guardian

A sphinx with three heads waits. As party approaches, it is mumbling to itself. It clears its throats
and a wall of force appears in front of it. In unison, the voices speak the first riddle:

> Round she is, yet flat as a board
> Altar of the Lupine Lords
> Jewel on black velvet, pearl in the sea
> Unchanged but e'erchanging, eternally
> **Answer: The Moon**

After, force wall breaks and there are three more force walls, one for each corridor. The sphinx heads
each have different personalities. They all hate Keraptis and their job and want the party to succeed.

LEFT: Deep voice, pessimistic.

> When you make a hole in me, I have fewer holes. What am I?
> **Answer: A net**
> 14/20
> MIDDLE: Flat, monotone voice. Uncaring.

> What is as light as a feather, but can not be held forever?
> **Answer: Breath**

RIGHT: Bouncy, hopeful, cheers for you.

> Silver, brass, bronze, gold
> Given, bought, stolen, sold
> Symbols of wealth, power, or love,
> Forged like a sword, fits like a glove.
> **Answer: A ring**

### 3 - Slime

Green slime beneath the water. Difficult to notice. 1d10 Acid damage each round until removed.
Destroyed by sunlight, cure disease, or cold, fire, radiant damage.

### 4 - Glass Globes

Door slams shut after enter. No way to exit. Only the proper key will unlock it.
9 glass spheres, 2 ft. diameter. A bunch of fakes, and a tricky ring.

### 5 - Numbered Golems

All numbered. Give a REAL 60 second timer. If they pick 9, it joins them. Otherwise, they attack.

### 6 - Turnstile

Only allows going one way past it. DC 24 (Athletics) to break it.

### 7 - Geysers and Chains

Roll initiative. Geysers erupt every 3 rounds (north) and 5 rounds (south).

### 8 - Coffin

Magical darkness. Vampire emerges.

### 9 - Pool and drain

Don't wanna go here

### 10 - Deceptively Deep Room

Kelpies will charm ya.

### 11 - Spinning Cylinder

Spins and covered in oil. Halfway through, shot w/ flaming arrow.

### 12 - Burket & Snarla

They guard the door after intruders. Snarla hastes herself, then mirror image and transform. Then just wail on em.

### 13 - Fake fancy room

### 14 - Flood Doors

### 15 - Boiling Lake

Boiling water. yowch.

### 16 - Blow Hole

### 17 - Boiling Bubble

Giant crab, careful not to pop the bubble!

### 18 - Hall Pit

Woops. DC 15 Dex to not fall in.

### 19 - Metal-Heating Corridor

Damage all metal after 40 feet. Cone of cold could work? See don/doff rules for armor

### 20 - Ghoul Ambushers

Immune to turn undead.

### 22 - Frictionless Trap

Super tetanus??? WTF

### 23 - Floating Stream

### 24 - Sir Bluto's Guardpost

TPK!!!

## Summary

Logan's Run village

Fought and spared the barbarian trio. Got Wave.

## Ups and Downs

Derek
+puzzle oriented
+combats were hard
-something more dangerous should've happened when damaging the water bubble

Avelina
+Lion guy (sphinx). lots of character
+Liked the rooms, all interesting and fun. Even combat and puzzles.
-Elemental was too underwhelming
-Sometimes feel bad that me luke and Derek (sometimes mac) talk to people

Phil
+liked characters encountered and the dialogue. Old villagers. Sentient weapons
-Trident was too easy to get to.

Mac
+love it

Morgan
+characters and things we got to talk to

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[quarantine-crawl]: ../quarantine-crawl "Quarantine Crawl"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
