# 2020-10-10 Salty Seas Notes

Session notes for [[salty-seas]]

## TODO
- Setup Kanka for player notes.
- Re-make lantern handout
- Research Xanathar's DOWNTIME options
- Scale loot / add some homebrew stuff (rare crafting materials?)

Sanbalet will try sneaky tactics to kill the intruders. If it looks like it is not going well, he will either flee or surrender. REMEMBER: Role play DURING combat. Sanbalet is cocky, third-person pirate-wizard.

After, party MIGHT talk to the council about this. If they do, they may be rewarded 350gp. Then, DOWNTIME. A week later, the council will summon them again.

Council or not, there is a boat element to the smuggling. The council may help with sailors to row. Taking the ship will be easier the more they are able to discern about the signaling system, and how smart they approach.

## Summary

## Ups and Downs

Derek
+advanced macros are sweet. cleans up the chat log.
-downtime was pretty lame

Avelina
+like how the story is progressing. wasn't expecting to finish the house so quick
+nice doing things in town
-all the cool stuff was discovered last time
+downtime added stuff to the character
-annoying to split up the loot

Phil
+liked the downtime. Haava can learn to read. char development.
-downtime was kinda clunky.
-underwhelmed with the rest of the house.

Morgan
+like exploring the house
-thought there would be more cool stuff in the house
+bugs were terrifying & exciting
-downtime. lots of options, hard to figure out what to do.

Mac
+like downtime and the implications
-wanted to take a short rest, but everyone else said no

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[salty-seas]: ../salty-seas "Salty Seas"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
