# 2020-07-10 Quarantine Crawl Notes

Session notes for [[quarantine-crawl]]

## Prep

### LAST SESSION

Party busted into (13)

### 5 - Stone & Wet Lime

Soggy hallway. The wet stucco (lime) is caustic and causes damage. There is a stone exposed. If the lime is removed, can push it inward.

### 6 - Rubble Staircase

Pointless digging

### 7 - Sepulchur

Trapped door. If lockpick, fine. If not, glass breaks and releases sleeping gas. Gas poisons for 5000 years. Inside, a giant "table" (coffin). Glyph of warding curses 4d10 days later. Glpys on top say "54-3-9". 11 glyphs on side are numbers. If pressed in order of that date, tomb opens. Skeleton w/ lots of treasure and mask. If mask and amulet are removed, starts slowly regenerating over 4 rounds (CHANGE TO 1 ROUND). Then he attacks. Doesn't chase out of room. Will slowly hunt down.

### 8 - Courses of the Gods

Smashed statues and pedestals. Above exit is glob, looks like slime but actually algae. One statue remaining.

### 9 - Stone statue

topheavy, secret passage behind. Slimy walls. Streaks of glowy silver through slime

### 10 - Secret passage

Damp. Cramped.

### 11 - The Court of Cemanahuac

Water is 2ft deep and slippery (3ft-1ft). 12ft deep moat around room. Lord of snails brags about how they are doomed and fights. Will surrender or flee though.

### 12 - Tomb of Hurakan

Doors are stuck. Other side flooded. Damages players if opened.

### 13 - Child of Zotzilaha

A nereid is here. She slips into water on enter. Evil and clever. Avoids close combat.
Fights with eel. If in danger, surrenders her treasure cache.

### 14 - Slippery, partially flooded hall

### 15 - The Great Hall

Long walls covered in frescoes. Snake arch at the end, painted to look like tunnel continues. Trap if step left or right.
Sun painting secret door, releases arch trap.

### 16 - Secret Door

Not really important, only approached from other side

## Reminders

- Explicitly explain poison (happens over time, not explicitly one hour)

## Notes

Servants of Zotzilaha will hunt the party down for revenge in 23 days.

## Summary

Party goes into nereid room, but leaves w/o seeing anything. They head down and wind up in the Lord of Snails' domain.
Ugen talks via tongues. They fight and LoS surrenders, guiding them towards "great riches". They loop around and enter
the tomb of Tloques. They easily solve the puzzle. Koh severs Tloques' arm and it tries to scramble for the axe. They
re-murder Tloques before he can do shit. They get a ton of loot. Party goes back to nereid room and is attacked.
The nereid and eels combo on Beauregard and knock him out. They kill them all and heal up. They start to get worried
because there is no way out and they can't long rest in here. Koh and Ugen get trapped at end of hallway. They climb
in Barb's Bag of Holding to get out. They miss the secret door in the wall and wander around for a couple of hours.
Derek sees the secret door due to visual glitch and I just let them have it. They open the door... [Cue Jojo Music]

## Ups and Downs

Avelina
-disappointed by vampire guy
+can do a lot of things and its interesting. (unlike long dragon fight)
-shoulda been more eels

Phil
+nereid fight, liked that he nearly died. Enemies attacks really synergized.
-impatient to know what items do

Derek
+liked the puzzle in the tomb because they could solve it visually
+snail lord is not a snail
-overwhelming enemies with numbers
-want the snail guy dead

Morgan
+going to diff places and doing diff activities

Mac
+like that we cant take long rest
+love puzzles
+like to fight
-didnt get to do much smacking and out of resources

Luke
+action-packed compared to last session
+getting loot
-fights were too easy
-movement was not collaborative
-snail lord is not a snail

## Takeaways

- Give bad guys more turns (legendary actions?) AND more health.
- Figure out better way to manage dungeon crawl movement. (turn based? roll20 script? idk)
- The urgency and "trapped" feeling is awesome, need to try to recreate that in other dungeons.

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[quarantine-crawl]: ../quarantine-crawl "Quarantine Crawl"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
