# 2020-10-16 Salty Seas Notes

Session notes for [[salty-seas]]

The council summons the party for a meeting.

Eliander introduces, says they believe the smugglers' ship will be back soon to make another pickup. Do you know when?
With the vessel still out there, the smugglers could resume their operation at another base. They must be apprehended.

Eda interjects: APPREHENDED! Try not to kill so much.
Anders: The town would be grateful if you could somehow board the ship and neutralize the smuggling operation. 
They offer a small fishing boat + two guards to row them out to sea. The guards will not fight if possible. They can also provide any nonmagical gear necessary within reason.

Will they figure out the signaling system? The ship will flash every 10 minutes for an hour. If no response, they will leave. If any response, they will anchor and wait for rowboat.

It takes 30 minutes to row out. +5 if they approach from the far side. The ship will be on varying levels of alertness depending on how stealthy they are, and how well the signaling worked.

If bluffing, DC 14 Deception and they will believe you until 3 members get on the ship.
Perception (sound) is disadvantage. DC 14 Athletics to climb the hull. On fail, fall into water.

IF players signal correctly, crew is resting. Two bandits on deck. Bjorn (13). Frithoff (14). Punketah (8). Sigurd (9). Bandits (10).

IF all all officers have died or fled, and crew is outnumbered, they will surrender. They negotiate the most advantageous terms. Can trade info.


## Summary

## Ups and Downs

Phil
+Liked fighting on the ship
+overwhelming fight. almost died.
-didn't like the dark.

Morgan
+liked being on the ship. pirate shenanigans.
+liked talking to people in the town. 
+Like the obstacle of trying to not kill everyone.

Mac
+Like that there is multiple factions (not just good vs bad).
+Excited to have a ship.
-Probably going to take the ship away next session.
-Always bulked up.

Avelina
+Really like ship combat. Didn't know what it would be like.
+Didn't know there were sea elves. Made world full and vibtant.
+Council members were flavorful.
-Wish the crew was more into it. Need more team spirit.
-Hard to know how much to plan for what to do

Derek
+Like the plot and the ambiguous storylines
-Dislike being babied through combat.
-Seems like we are going really slowly


[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[salty-seas]: ../salty-seas "Salty Seas"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
