# 2020-07-31 Quarantine Crawl Notes

Session notes for [[quarantine-crawl]]

## Prep

NOTES:

- CRANK UP THAT DIFFICULTY!!!

### 51 - Wind Tunnel

If open latch, ouch. Wind storm. Also air elemental and dust mephits emerge and fight. They do not chase, and will eventually disperse after a few hours.

### 52 - The Hidden Room of Nahual

If they opened the latch, it makes it easier to find the entrance.

### 53 - The Valve

Tricky puzzle

### 54 - Temple Ruin

Unstable ground (could collapse). Altar could be lifted but bat wings will whip around and slash. Hyenas will ambush.

### After

They'll probably want to go to waterdeep. A random street urchin kid will hand them a letter. Wax sealed w/ the bonzo gang sigil.
Inside is a map, and a letter.

"We've had our eyes on your group. You're pretty good. A little slow though. We figured this one might be up your alley.

Two weeks back, three priceless magic weapons, _Wave_, _Whelm_, and _Blackrazor_ disappeared from the vaults of their owners.
The owners found no clue besides this note:

> Search ye far or search ye near<br>
> You'll find no trace of the three<br>
> Unless you follow instructions clear<br>
> For the weapons abide with me.<br>
>
> North past forest, farm and furrow<br>
> You must go to the feathered mound<br>
> Then down away from the sun you'll burrow<br>
> Forget life, forget light, forget sound.<br>
>
> To rescue Wave, you must do battle<br>
> With the Beast in the Boiling Bubble<br>
> Crost cavern vast, where chain-links rattle<br>
> Lies Whelm, past water-spouts double.<br>
>
> Blackrazor yet remains to be won<br>
> Underneath inverted ziggurat.<br>
> That garnered, think not that you're done<br>
> For now you'll find you are caught<br>
>
> I care not, former owners brave<br>
> What heroes you seek to hire.<br>
> Though mighty, I'll make each one my slave<br>
> Or send him to the fire.<br>
>
> - Keraptis

Rumor is Keraptis is a wizard that terrorized the land 1300 years ago. These rich jerks
are sending mercenaries to White Plume Mountain to get their precious goodies back. Let's
see if either of us can beat them to it, eh?

Sincerely,
The Bonzo Gang"

---

### White Plume Mountain

Spooky mountain. Wave, Whelm, and Blackrazor disappeared from vaults. Sent some poem to the owners. Signed by Keraptis.

## Summary

## Ups and Downs

Mac
+more puzzles or things where you have to use your brain

Luke
+like the fights, hyenas coming out of the dark
-more things to interact with in the environment

Phil
+scepter room was cool.
-hyenas were disappointing. hoping for a big boss battle

Morgan
+obstacles that we had to get around creatively
-would've been cool if the scepter stuff happened

Avelina
+interesting rooms. interesting architecture and puzzles
-scepter was frustrating.
-team is imbalanced. Derek OP

Derek
-Declining difficulty and puzzles. Puzzles were dumb.
+lot of cool stuff, even though its martial-class heavy.

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[quarantine-crawl]: ../quarantine-crawl "Quarantine Crawl"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
