# NEXT Paranoia One Notes

Session notes for [[paranoia-one]]

## Prep

### Overview

- Depressed Scrub-bot needs help achieving chores.
- A yellow and orange clone accompany and do not help.
- Y & O are there to manage drug deal in deadzone beneath sector HYT.
- They try to screw eachother over and blackmail the party.

### NPCs

- Vernon-Y-HYT-2, your supervisor. Hooked nose, pointy chin. Bald. Always tired and overworked.
  - Secretly a Frankenstein Destroyer
- Jenny-O-THA-3, oversees equipment. Cheery, wired, too many Wake-E-Wake pills.
  - Secretly a Mystic
- Awarish-R-HYT-1, you took her job. Loathes you. Works with Anti-Mutants despite teleporting.
- Scrub-bot 002. Bitter, lives in shadow of 001.

### Briefing

Vernon assembles you. He tired.
Briefing room:

- One less chair than necessary.
- Someone, somewhere nearby, is screaming.
  Help scrubbot. Assign bonus duties.

### Equipment

Jenny-O-THA is running late. Quickly hands out equipment. Then players go to Scrub-Bot 002.

### Scrub Bot

Chicken-shaped, boxy, slightly taller than person. Hates 001 because it took out a terrorist cell using a toothbrush and is now a hero in luxury.
002 is misbehaving. Accompanied by:

- Oklo-Y-THB from R&D
  - Broad woman.
  - Obsessed with noting/recording everything. Belongs to mystics.
- Wesley-Y-HYT from Housing Preservation and Development & Mind Control
  - Tall, blond man. Great teeth.
  - His promotion to green is riding on success.
  - Free Enterprise
    They will help but only for blackmail purposes later

### Mission

Basically go to "help" scrubbot, but it is too lazy/depressed to work so the party has to do it.
Pick one or more of each "Category" of task. Overseers will help by lending useful items.
They are very friendly about it but they want to get leverage over the players.

## Summary

## Ups and Downs

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[paranoia-one]: ../paranoia-one "Paranoia One"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"